# ECE 475 4bit Shift Regsiter
Lab 4
Authors: Rachel & Danya

The objective is to build more familiarity with structural modeling in VHDL. 
We were required to design a 4:1 MUX and a 4-bit shift register structurally.
The 4-bit shift register will utilize the 4:1 MUXes that were designed. 

Equipment Used:
Xilinx IDE, iSim, iMPACT
ML501 Xilinx board with Virtex-5 LX Xilinx chip

First, we designed the 4:1 MUX. S0 and S1 are the most significant bit (MSB) and 
least significant bit (LSB) respectively.
The signals are labeled as d0-d6.

The MUX design was tested to ensure it functioned as expected, by generating a waveform in Xilinx.
The RTL shcematic generated by Xilinx was also viewed, to check that it looked as expected.

Now that the MUX was verified to be functional, the shift register was designed.

Signals df0-df3 are needed between the output of each of the 4:1 MUXes to the input of the D flip-flops.
Signals DQ0-DQ3 are needed to use the output of each of the D flip-flops as inputs to the 4:1 MUXes 
as well as to assign the outputs Q0-Q3. 
The rest of the signals are the inputs to the block diagram of the shift register, and they
are not signals in the same sense as the ones mentioned.

The final block diagram of the shift register had the following I/O:
INPUTS : Clock, S1 & S0 (Mode select lines), LSI (Left Serial Input), RSI (Right Serial Input),
D0, D1, D2, D3
OUTPUTS : Q0, Q1, Q2, Q3

The mode control for the shift regster was specified as follows:
S1  S0    Register Operation
0   0     No Change/Hold state
0   1     Shift Right
1   0     Shift Left
1   1     Parallel Load

The waveform generated for the design was as expected. 
The RTL shcematic generated by Xilinx was a more significant help in this lab than in previous labs.
It allowed us to visually verify that our signals were routed properly. This lab required careful 
consideration of the signals because there were so many more than previous labs.
